

=== PAGE 1 ===

  ? 
 
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner 
But Meituan’s leading market share and moat remain intact. 
Executive Summary 
The on-demand delivery price war that started in February 2025 underscores the urgency for Chinese 
retail internet platforms to identify new growth avenues in an increasingly mature market. Traditional e-
commerce companies like Alibaba and JD.com are expanding their presence in on-demand delivery to 
mitigate market share losses to category leader Meituan, and to strengthen their positioning as 
comprehensive platforms for online consumer goods and services. 
 
Alibaba, with its strong cash reserves, has leveraged its ecosystem resources more effectively than ever, 
aided by more centralized strategic management under the newly formed Alibaba China E-Commerce 
group. Therefore, we estimate Meituan will cede gross transaction volume share to Alibaba. By 2027, we 
expect the on-demand delivery market to be dominated by two major players: Meituan with a 55% gross 
transaction value share, and Alibaba with 40%. JD will continue to have a small presence with a 6% 
share. These are shifts from 2024 levels of 73%, 21%, and 5%, respectively.  
 
We believe the competitive landscape will stabilize following Alibaba’s aggressive investments, as it is 
likely the only player with both the financial capacity and strategic incentive to gain share. Even 
Bytedance, despite its deep pockets and strong e-commerce track record, has failed to make meaningful 
inroads. 
 
Exhibit 1  Meituan Expected to Maintain Dominance in GTV Market Share  
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 19, 2025. 
 
  
Meituan Alibaba JD
GTV Market Share0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
Calendar Year 2024 Calendar Year 2025 Calendar Year 2026=Forecasts Calendar Year 2027=Forecasts
Morningstar Equity Research 
November 18, 2025 
 
 
Contents 
2 Key Takeaways 
3 Market Too Pessimistic on Meituan and 
JD— We See Value 
4 Strong Incentives Push Alibaba and JD 
Into On-Demand Delivery Subsidy War 
8 Alibaba Has the Strongest Financial 
Position and Willingness to Spend 
10 Alibaba and JD Scaled Their Networks 
Quickly; Alibaba Emerges as the Biggest 
Winner 
14 Improving Unit Economics, Alibaba 
Positioned Ahead of JD 
17 Meituan Will Maintain the Largest On-
Demand Market Share and Preserve Its 
Narrow Moat 
21 What Does This Imply About Our Moat 
Ratings For Alibaba and JD? 
22 Alibaba Is Our Top Pick Among The 
Undervalued Trio; Meituan and JD Also 
Attractive 
28 Appendix 
 
 
Chelsey Tam  
Senior Equity Analyst 
chelsey.tam@morningstar.com  
 
Junhao Yang 
Associate Equity Analyst 
junhao.yang@morningstar.com  
 
 
Disclosure 
The conduct of Morningstar’s analysts is governed 
by Code of Ethics, Personal Security Trading Policy 
(or an equivalent of), and Investment Research 
Integrity Policy. For more information regarding 
conflicts of interest, please visit:   
http://global.morningstar.com/equitydisclosures 
 
 
 
 

=== PAGE 2 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 2 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Key Takeaways  
▸ Alibaba and JD started an on-demand price war to increase active users and shopping frequency on 
their main apps. Alibaba’s on-demand delivery business contributed to a 25% year-on-year rise in 
monthly active customers on the Taobao app in the first three weeks of August. 
▸ JD’s quarterly active customers and shopping frequency rose over 40% year on year in the June quarter, 
driven by growth in its food delivery segment. 
▸ Cross-selling to traditional e-commerce from food delivery is a strategic goal for both Alibaba and JD, 
though incremental general merchandise volume gains remain limited at this early stage. 
▸ Alibaba expects approximately 10% year-on-year growth in high-margin e-commerce customer 
management revenue in the coming quarters, supported by traffic from its on-demand delivery 
business. 
▸ With the largest net cash position, Alibaba is the most aggressive investor in on-demand delivery, while 
JD began scaling back its investments starting in July.  
▸ Alibaba won the initial scaling battle: its daily order volume stabilized at 80 million, a 2.2-times increase 
versus the average daily order volume in 2024, as of October 2025. We estimate JD’s daily order volume 
as of October 2025 is just a fraction of Alibaba's daily order volume.  
▸ Alibaba’s active rider count rose 2.9 times from April to August but remained at just 38% of Meituan’s 
level; JD’s rider count increased by 52% during the same period, reaching only 41% of Alibaba’s. 
▸ The main improvement in unit economics, or profit per order, for Alibaba and JD will come from lower 
expenses in subsidies, rider costs, and higher average order value in the long run. 
▸ For JD, the main driver of UE improvement comes from charging commission for merchants after a one-
year waiver period and advertising fees. 
▸ We expect Meituan to maintain the highest market share in GTV and order volume, supported by its 
network-effect moat source, especially in its rider count, extensive data accumulation, scale-driven low-
cost food and beverages offerings such as Pinhaofan, and membership program. 
▸ We lowered Meituan’s fair value estimate by 15% to reflect intensifying competition in the on-demand 
delivery space. We cut our fair value estimate for JD by 27% on Nov. 14, after it released third-quarter 
results on Nov. 13, to reflect losses in the on-demand delivery, Jingxi, and overseas businesses. We 
trimmed Alibaba’s fair value estimate by only 3% due to fine-tuning the e-commerce business, as most 
of the on-demand delivery losses had been accounted for previously. 
▸ We view Meituan, Alibaba, and JD as undervalued. Alibaba is our top pick mainly due to its promising AI-
driven revenue potential, detailed in our Alibaba: China’s AI Cloud Giant Select report.  
 
Companies Mentioned 
 
Name/Ticker 
Economic  
Moat 
 
Currency 
Fair Value  
Estimate 
Current 
Price 
Uncertainty 
Rating 
Morningstar  
Rating 
Market 
Cap (Bil) 
Meituan/03690 Narrow HKD 128.00 100.00 Very High QQQQ 
 
 
61,069 
Alibaba/BABA        
 
Wide USD 258.00 153.80 High QQQQ 380.48 
Alibaba/09988 Wide HKD 251.00 154.90 High QQQQ 2,956.73 
JD.com/JD Wide USD 44.00 29.31 High QQQQ 43.63 
JD.com/09618 Wide HKD 172.00 116.90 High QQQQ 339.04 
  

=== PAGE 3 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 3 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Market Too Pessimistic on Meituan and JD— We See Value 
 
Exhibit 2  Shares of Meituan and JD Were Sold Off as Investors Worried About Their Profitability in a Price War 
Alibaba’s share price increase after August was mainly driven by robust demand for its AI cloud services. 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 30, 2025. 
 
Exhibit 3  Market Overreacts to On-Demand Delivery Price War, Meituan and JD Are Cheap in Our View 
 
 
    
 
  
 
    
    
    
                  
  
  
  
  
      
  
  
       
       
      
  
  
          
  
  
     
    
      
  
  
         
 
  
       
   
                  
  
  
 
  
     
      
  
      
      
       
     
  
  
    
 
  
     
      
  
            
       
    
                  
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 30, 2025. 
  
Alibaba JD Meituan
HKD/Share
80
140
200
Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug S ep Oct
Topic  What Others Are Saying….  K …What We're Saying
Meituan's On-Demand 
Delivery Market Position 
● ●
● ●
● ●
JD's Traditional E-
Commerce Market 
Position
● ●
●
● The market is overly pessimistic and the 
shares are undervalued.
The market focuses on the cash burn in the 
near term.
The market is overly pessimistic; the 
shares are undervalued.
The current share price is fair given these 
challenges.
JD's key categories —cellphones, 
laptops, and home appliances— are not 
impulse purchase driven.
Meituan faces serious challenges from 
Alibaba. 
Meituan will lose market share to 
Alibaba, but will still remain number one 
in market share in the long run.
The market is short-term-focused. 
Meituan's profitability will recover 
significantly after the current price war.
Meituan's on-demand delivery seriously 
threathens JD's proposition of fast delivery.
JD's wider assortment, lower sourcing 
costs from increasing scale, and quality 
services will still allow it to grow 
gradually in the next decade.

=== PAGE 4 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 4 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Strong Incentives Push Alibaba and JD Into On-Demand Delivery Subsidy War 
The on-demand delivery war began with JD launching its food delivery business in February and starting 
a CNY 10 billion subsidy program in April. Alibaba recognized that if it didn’t offer subsidies, it would 
lose market share to JD Food Delivery. Alibaba also realized the benefits that an on-demand delivery 
business can bring to its traditional e-commerce if it is integrated into Taobao and Tmall. As such, 
Alibaba started its aggressive subsidies on April 30. The exhibit below illustrates why we think Meituan, 
Alibaba, and JD entered the subsidy war.  
 
Exhibit 4  Why Meituan, Alibaba, and JD Are Joining the On-Demand Delivery Subsidy War 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of July 15, 2025. 
 
Alibaba and JD Seek to Undermine Meituan’s On-Demand Retail Delivery Growth  
We believe both Alibaba and JD view Meituan’s instashopping platform (on-demand delivery service for 
retail products with an average fulfillment time of 34 minutes) as a direct threat to their core traditional 
e-commerce businesses. Notably, Meituan’s instashopping platform turned profitable in the first quarter 
of 2025, generating approximately 1% operating income relative to gross transaction volume. As the 
scale of instashopping grows, Meituan’s on-demand unit delivery costs are expected to decline, making 
this faster delivery option increasingly appealing to customers. 
 
In particular, Meituan's instashopping platform poses a threat to JD's stronghold in high-tier cities, 
electronics, and supermarket categories. For example:  
▸ In 2024, Meituan received instashopping orders for communication devices, consumer electronics, 
computers, and home appliances, which reached half the volume of JD’s orders, while orders for alcohol, 
water, snacks, and dairy surpassed that of JD, according to media outlet Leifengwang. 
▸ In Shenzhen, Meituan’s daily average instashopping order volume exceeded the total of e-commerce, 
7fresh, and nonfood and beverage on-demand Miao Song orders under JD.  
 


=== PAGE 5 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 5 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
As a result, Alibaba and JD appear willing to sacrifice short-term earnings to counter Meituan’s 
expansion, reinforcing our view that this price war should persist through 2027.  
 
These Firms Aim to Build a Comprehensive Online Goods and Services Platform 
As traditional e-commerce growth slows and more consumers want on-demand food delivery, Alibaba 
and JD are accelerating their expansion into online services and the faster-growing on-demand retail 
sector. Meituan continues to attract new users, especially people in younger demographics, who exhibit 
higher purchase frequency and average order value.  
 
To support this strategic shift, Alibaba has consolidated its on-demand delivery platform Ele.me, travel 
service provider Fliggy, and its China e-commerce platforms into a unified China e-commerce business 
unit in June 2025. This integration aligns all the strategies toward a common goal, enabling stronger 
incentives and more effective tools, such as a unified membership program, to pursue its ambition of 
becoming a comprehensive platform for online goods and services consumption. In particular, Taobao 
Instant Commerce (on-demand shopping) is now featured on the homepage of Alibaba’s flagship 
Taobao app.  
 
Exhibit 5  Alibaba Merges Ele.me and Fliggy Into New China E-Commerce Group 
 
 
Source: Alibaba. Data as of August 2025. 
 
On the other hand, JD acquired the remaining stake in on-demand retail delivery platform Dada Nexus 
earlier this year and is ramping up its travel services.   
 
Additional reasons these companies are integrating on-demand delivery into their traditional e-
commerce businesses include the following. 
 
Alibaba and JD Target Higher User Engagement and Cross-Sell to Traditional E-Commerce 
By introducing high-frequency food delivery services, Alibaba and JD seek to increase the daily active 
user base of their main apps. These services not only drive more frequent app usage but also help 
attract new customer segments to JD, broadening its reach beyond the traditional core. 
 
 


=== PAGE 6 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 6 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 6  Alibaba and JD See Year-on-Year DAU Growth After Boosting Food Delivery Investment 
Taobao’s year-on-year DAU growth was the lowest, primarily due to its significantly higher existing DAU base (Exhibit 7).  
 
 
Source: LatePost, QuestMobile. Data as of Aug. 25, 2025. 
 
Alibaba disclosed several key metrics during its June-quarter earnings call: 
▸ Monthly active consumers for “quick commerce,” also known as on-demand delivery, reached 300 
million in August, marking a 200% increase compared with pre-April levels. This growth contributed to a 
25% rise in monthly active users on the Taobao app. 
▸ The quick commerce channel recorded 150 million daily active users, enhancing the likelihood of more 
frequent shopping activity on Taobao. 
 
JD also shared the following metrics in its June-quarter earnings:  
▸ Quarterly active customers and shopping frequency rose by more than 40% year on year in the second 
quarter, a significant improvement from previous quarters and the strongest user momentum in recent 
years.  
▸ JD Plus members’ shopping frequency grew by over 50% year on year during the quarter. 
▸ The conversion rate of food delivery users purchasing e-commerce products is visibly rising and 
continues to grow steadily. 
▸ Supermarket categories, lifestyle services, and electronic accessories have seen the greatest gains from 
cross-selling efforts. 
  
DAU YoY Growth (%)
-10.00
0.00
10.00
20.00
30.00
40.00
50.00
April May June July
Meituan
Alibaba's Taobao
JD

=== PAGE 7 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 7 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 7  Alibaba’s Taobao Has the Highest Daily Average Users 
 
 
 
Source: QuestMobile. Data as of Aug. 25, 2025. 
 
As the number of users and purchase frequency on the Taobao and JD apps grow, the potential for 
cross-selling also increases. Leveraging user preferences, both historical and similar user cohorts, 
cross-selling can be stimulated through several touchpoints: 
▸ Recommends traditional e-commerce and on-demand retail products: 
▸ on the main page of the app. 
▸ after users complete a food delivery order. 
▸ Offers targeted coupons for traditional e-commerce and on-demand retail products to food delivery 
users: 
▸ when users and members open the main app. 
▸ after food delivery transactions. 
 
In June, JD founder Richard Liu revealed that 40% of JD’s food delivery consumers, who had either never 
used JD Retail or had not used it in over a year, made purchases in JD’s traditional e-commerce segment. 
The same cohort maintained the 40% cross-sell rate through July, suggesting consistent engagement. 
While JD’s guidance is that its food delivery business will break even in the medium term and become 
profitable in the long term, Liu emphasized that the current losses are generating more value than 
equivalent traffic acquisition costs on platforms like Tencent and Douyin. Over time, food delivery is 
expected to reduce JD’s overall sales and marketing expenses. 
 
Moreover, the increased traffic resulting from on-demand delivery can also boost advertising revenue 
for traditional e-commerce companies. Alibaba expects to achieve approximately 10% year-on-year 
growth in customer management revenue in the coming quarters, with higher traffic from on-demand 
delivery contributing to this momentum. We estimate that 2-3 percentage points of the projected 10% 
growth are attributable to on-demand delivery. 
 
June 24 June 25
Million0
100
200
300
400
500
Meituan Alibaba's Taobao JD

=== PAGE 8 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 8 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
However, we note that the incremental traditional e-commerce GMV driven by food delivery remains 
limited for both JD and Alibaba at this stage. On JD, food delivery users tend to purchase low-ticket 
items. The company is actively rolling out more tools to enhance cross-selling. 
 
JD Can Leverage JD Logistics’ Network to Provide Supply Chain Services to Restaurants 
Both express and integrated supply chain delivery personnel, along with food delivery riders, are now 
managed by JD Logistics to create cost synergies. As of December 2024, JDL employed 370,000 delivery 
personnel. In June 2025, JD announced plans to increase its food delivery rider count by around 50% to 
150,000. JDL couriers can deliver fresh food and beverages during mealtimes when they are less 
occupied, while food delivery riders can support express delivery services during off-peak hours. This 
flexible deployment model could help reduce overall unit costs. 
 
Liu stated in June that JD does not need to profit directly from selling food to consumers; instead, it can 
generate profit by providing supply chain services to merchants. In July, JD launched  7Fresh Small 
Kitchen, a self-operated takeaway kitchen model jointly owned by JD and its business partners. JD will 
supply food and ingredients to Qixianxiaochu. Although JD announced plans to open 10,000 7Fresh 
Small Kitchens over the next three years, only one location had opened as of July 22. Given the 
uncertainty around the scale and potential success of this concept, we have not factored it into our 
valuation. Similarly, we have not assumed JD will supply fresh food ingredients to restaurants and 
beverage outlets on its app due to the lack of disclosed details.  
 
We will now take a closer look at the prerequisites for emerging as a winner in this competitive 
landscape.  
 
Alibaba Has the Strongest Financial Position and Willingness to Spend 
We believe that winners in this competitive landscape must not only have the capacity but also the 
determination to spend aggressively relative to their competitors. While free cash flow levels varied 
among companies in the June quarter of 2025, their net cash positions indicate that they have room to 
increase leverage if further investment is deemed necessary. On Sept. 11, Alibaba announced plans to 
raise USD 3.2 billion (CNY 23 billion) through the issuance of a zero-coupon convertible bond to support 
its aggressive capital expenditure in artificial intelligence and cloud infrastructure. In our view, it could 
pursue a similar funding strategy for its food delivery business. Meituan also issued bonds, which 
generated gross proceeds of over CNY 7 billion in late October. 
 
Alibaba held the largest net cash position as of the June quarter. Its guidance of CNY 1 trillion in 
incremental quick commerce GMV over the next three years, along with higher subsidies per order, 
underscores its aggressive approach to investment and subsidization in the quick commerce space.  
 
JD, by contrast, refrained from matching its peers in aggressive subsidies since July, which we interpret 
as a lack of strong commitment to spending. JD has not reported any increase in daily order volume 
since June, suggesting that its volume may have been hit by competitors’ intensified subsidy strategies. 

=== PAGE 9 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 9 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Meituan finds itself in a difficult position. It must defend its core food delivery business in China against 
cash-rich Alibaba, while simultaneously navigating the early stages of its expansion into food delivery 
markets in the Middle East and Brazil. 
 
We conducted a check in Guangzhou, a first-tier city, to compare the price of the same meal from the 
same restaurant for the same user at approximately the same time on Nov. 2. Alibaba offered the best 
deal for the order at a price of only CNY 0.30, JD’s deal came in second at CNY 6.8, and Meituan was 
third at CNY 22.8. Based on our experience, discounts vary across the three companies depending on a 
user’s profile. Therefore, this comparison should be viewed as a general reference only. 
 
Exhibit 8  Key Financial Metrics in the June Quarter of 2025 
 
 
Source: Meituan, Alibaba, JD, Morningstar. Data as of July 15, 2025. 
Note: Net cash was calculated by deducting lease liabilities and borrowing. As full cash flow statements were unavailable, estimated free cash flow 
was derived using the formula: net cash from operating activities minus estimated capex.  
 
Exhibit 9  Strategic Stances: Alibaba Spends, Meituan Defends, and JD Refines   
 
 
Source: Meituan, Alibaba, JD, Morningstar. Data as of July 15, 2025. 
Meituan Alibaba JD
CNY, billion
-50
0
50
100
150
200
Net cash Net cash from operating 
activities
Estimated capex Estimated free cash flow Year-on-year  
EBIT/adjusted EBIT A 
change for the segment 
that includes food 
delivery
Management's Comments Meituan Alibaba JD
Committed Investment Scale in 
On-Demand Delivery
Amount unspecified CNY 50 billion for 12 months 
starting July 2, 2025
CNY 10 billion in an unspecified 
period 
Comments Alluding to 
Investment Scale
Meituan will defend 
its market position 
even if competition 
becomes more fierce 
Management guided quick 
commerce to add CNY 1 trillion 
incremental GMV within the 
next 3 years
JD doesn't believe the low-
quality competition creates any 
value to the industry and 
focuses on more refined 
subsidy strategy
September Quarter Guidance
Significant loss for 
both food delivery 
and core local 
commerce segment
Quick Commerce loss could 
exceed CNY 30 billion
Higher food delivery loss in the 
September quarter versus the 
June quarter due to seasonality

=== PAGE 10 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 10 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Next, we will share our perspective on the rationale behind each company’s strategy and assess its 
effectiveness. 
 
Alibaba and JD Scaled Their Networks Quickly; Alibaba Emerges as the Biggest Winner 
We share Meituan management’s view that much of the surge in the industry’s food delivery orders, 
from just over 100 million in January to approximately 250 million in July, reflects a temporary spike 
driven by subsidies that are unlikely to be maintained in the long term. That said, we think large-scale 
subsidies have been the most effective strategy for Alibaba and JD to rapidly scale their on-demand 
delivery networks. Both Taobao Flash Sale and JD Food Delivery are nascent businesses that require 
subsidies and advertising to simultaneously boost demand (order volume) and supply (active merchants 
and riders). Low-value items such as fresh beverages, water, and snacks, which require fewer subsidies, 
offer a cost-effective way to build order volume, expand nationwide presence, and strengthen network 
density. Alibaba notably gained market share in many cities where its penetration was just 20% in 2024. 
To retain consumers, merchants, and riders, both Alibaba and JD will need to maintain sizable subsidies 
over the coming months until order volumes stabilize at an economically viable level.  
 
Another factor behind Alibaba’s high order volume is its subsidy strategy targeting external regional 
service providers, who are responsible for building and managing the delivery network. According to 
media company LatePost’s article published on Aug. 29, the higher the order volume, the more subsidies 
Taobao provides to its service providers, resulting in higher income for them. In contrast, Meituan offers 
a fixed subsidy per rider, with total subsidies tied to the number of riders rather than the number of 
orders. Therefore, Taobao Flash’s service providers have stronger incentives to drive up order volume.  
 
A regional service provider for Taobao Flash noted that recruiting existing Meituan merchants is 
relatively easy. We think many merchants see Taobao as a growth channel, while Meituan remains the 
foundation of their existing operations.  
 
High subsidies provide these platforms with a critical window to rapidly enhance the efficiency and 
capabilities of their networks, including: 
▸ expanding the rider base, 
▸ improving delivery speed,  
▸ increasing pickup and drop-off location accuracy,  
▸ optimizing routing systems,  
▸ strengthening the ability to handle surges in order volume, and  
▸ enhancing the retention of the network of participants.  
 
In short, we believe that without aggressive subsidies, achieving long-term market share gains would be 
extremely difficult.  
 
We examine the extent to which subsidies have contributed to boosting the companies’ order volumes.  
  
本报告来源于三个皮匠报告站（www.sgpjbg.com）,由用户Id:865822下载,文档Id:1023393,下载日期:2026-01-04

=== PAGE 11 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 11 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 10  Comparing the Peak Order Volume Period in 2025 With 2024’s Estimated Average Daily Volume 
 
 
 
Source: Meituan, Alibaba, JD, Morningstar. Data as of July 15, 2025. 
 
According to LatePost, Taobao Flash Sales' daily transaction order volume exceeded 100 million, 
surpassing Meituan’s fulfilled orders during Aug. 7-9. Meituan’s peak order volume was 150 million on 
July 12. Alibaba’s peak daily order volume reached 120 million as of Aug. 29, with a weekly average of 80 
million daily orders throughout August. As of October, Alibaba managed to maintain an average daily 
order of 80 million, a 2.2 times increase from its 2024 level. JD reported that its daily order volume 
exceeded 25 million during the 618-shopping festival. As per LatePost, JD’s order volume was around 20 
million on July 5, which we believe reflects its less aggressive subsidy strategy compared with peers.  
 
Exhibit 11  Alibaba’s August Active Rider Base: 38% of Meituan’s, 144% of JD’s  
 
 
 
Source: LatePost, Morningstar. Data as of Aug. 25, 2025. 
 
In August, Alibaba’s daily active rider count reached two million, a 300% increase compared with April. 
Average Daily Volume in 2024 Period With Peak Daily Volume in 2025
Number of Orders, million
0
40
80
120
160
Meituan Alibaba JD
July 12
August 29
618 Shopping 
Festival
April August
Meituan
Alibaba
JD
0.00 0.50 1.00 1.50 2.00 2.50
Estimated number of crowdsourced riders working at least six hours per day on average 
and ful l-time riders, million

=== PAGE 12 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 12 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
We think Alibaba has sufficient delivery capacity to maintain its current order volume for two key 
reasons. First, peak food delivery hours are concentrated around lunch and dinner, meaning riders don’t 
need to work six full hours per day to effectively fulfill most orders. On July 28, Alibaba announced that 
Taobao achieved a 96% delivery timeliness rate while fulfilling 90 million orders over two weekends, 
excluding free deals and in-store pickup orders. This performance was maintained despite longer 
estimated waiting times for consumers, according to LatePost’s article published on July 31.  
 
Meanwhile, JD also saw improved delivery timeliness from April to July, supported by an increase in its 
full-time rider base to 150,000, as announced in June.  
 
We conducted a check on Nov. 2 by ordering the same meal from the same restaurant in Guangzhou, at 
roughly the same time during a lunch hour. Meituan could deliver the meal fastest, three minutes faster 
than Alibaba, and JD’s earliest delivery time was 14 minutes later than Meituan. Based on our 
experience, delivery times vary across the three companies depending on the city and time. Therefore, 
this comparison should be viewed as a general reference only. 
 
Exhibit 12 Meituan, Alibaba, and JD’s Active Merchant Estimates for May 2025 
 
 
Source: QuestMobile, Alibaba, Morningstar. Data as of July 14, 2025. 
 
JD disclosed in its second-quarter update that it has onboarded 1.5 million high-quality restaurants. Its 
strategy focuses on recruiting establishments that hold restaurant licenses, offer reliable service and 
delivery, source safe food ingredients, and serve safe meals. According to a Weixin/WeChat post by a JD 
Food Delivery staff member circulated in aastocks.com, the approval rate for restaurant applications to 
join the platform was below 40%.  
 
We think rock-bottom promotions like the free deals offered by Meituan and Alibaba are not viable in 
the long run. The platform that builds out its network and enhances operational efficiency most 
effectively during the high-subsidy period will ultimately emerge as the winner. Alibaba has been more 
aggressive than JD in launching large-scale subsidies and benefits from broader resources within its 
Monthly Active Merchants, million
0.0
5.0
10.0
15.0
20.0 17.0
7.7
3.8
Meituan Alibaba JD.com

=== PAGE 13 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 13 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
ecosystem, allowing it to establish a stronger foundation in network capabilities. JD, on the other hand, 
has not participated in free deals since July. Instead, it has focused on targeted subsidies for JD Plus 
members and specific customer segments—based on factors such as average order value and 
geographic region.  
 
Having discussed the achievements of Alibaba and JD during the subsidy war, we will now turn to 
Meituan’s strategy and value proposition.  
 
Meituan Limits Losses by Targeting Service-Conscious High-Value Users  
Despite its best-in-class capabilities, Meituan continues to provide subsidies to reinforce its reputation 
as the leading platform—delivering strong value (though not always the lowest prices), with the best 
services (fastest delivery speed) and the widest product selection.  
 
High order volumes help maintain Meituan’s ecosystem of users, merchants, and riders, while 
improving system stability, such as delivery timeliness. In a July interview with LatePost, Wang Puzhong, 
CEO of Meituan’s core commerce business, noted that delivery times had improved despite record order 
volume. On July 12, Meituan reported an average delivery time of just 34 minutes alongside a record 150 
million orders.   
 
Thanks to its deep customer insights in the on-demand delivery space, Meituan is more adept at 
targeting and tailoring coupon distribution—enabling it to  subsidize more efficiently than peers. 
 
Given Meituan’s larger on-demand delivery business compared with Alibaba and JD, matching peer-
level subsidies would result in greater losses. To mitigate this, Meituan adopts several cost-control 
strategies: 
▸ Offers lower subsidies per order. 
▸ Issues free in-store pickup coupons to reduce delivery costs and curb Alibaba’s July order volume surge. 
▸ Limits ultralow price promotions like Alibaba’s CNY 0.10 deals after reaching its peak daily order volume 
in July. 
▸ Targets subsidies at high-value, loyal users, such as black gold and black diamond members, and those 
who use delivery regularly without heavy subsidies. 
▸ Prioritize orders with higher AOV. 
▸ Leverages Pinhaofan, which offers high value for money food and beverage deals and had double the 
AOV of its peers in the June quarter, to attract price-sensitive consumers. 
 
Meituan’s six-tiered membership system is based on total spending and task completions, such as daily 
app logins and specific purchases. We think Meituan will inevitably lose some market share after the 
subsidy war. While its focus on retaining loyal users is sound, many of its 399 million customers who 
also use Taobao and JD (as of June 2025, per QuestMobile) may switch platforms depending on the 
promotions, membership perks, and delivery urgency. If Alibaba and JD offer bigger subsidies but 
delivery speed in certain use cases isn’t critical, consumers will not need to shop on Meituan.  
 

=== PAGE 14 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 14 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
We believe all three players used subsidies inefficiently, with examples such as:  
▸ Some users abandoned in-store pickups due to long waiting times. 
▸ Some restaurants ran out of inventory to fulfill orders. 
▸ Some users were not able to place orders on the day. 
▸ Alibaba and JD lack Meituan’s depth of insight into new food delivery users, likely subsidizing short-
term users who won’t stay after the promotions end. 
▸ JD had to cancel its policy of free orders for late deliveries of over 20 minutes, likely due to the difficulty 
in delivering orders punctually. 
 
In conclusion, Alibaba has won the initial battle in scaling its network. Given the previous inability of 
Alibaba’s Ele.me to gain substantial market share in the on-demand delivery market for years, we think 
Alibaba’s success this time has surprised some investors about its execution under the current 
management structure. The next challenge for both Alibaba and JD is to focus on operational 
efficiencies. 
 
Improving Unit Economics; Alibaba Positioned Ahead of JD 
As competition and subsidies normalize over time, order volumes are expected to drop, reducing rider 
demand and lowering delivery costs per order.  
 
Alibaba’s Path to Better UE in the Near Term: Reducing Costs and Lifting AOV 
Alibaba aims to halve its quick commerce UE loss in September and October while maintaining an 
average of 80 million daily orders. Alibaba said it was able to maintain this order scale during the 
Double 11 press conference. Key strategies include: 
▸ Reducing advertising spending. 
▸ Increasing the share of higher-value meals and nonfood orders to offset unit costs. 
▸ Subsidizing higher-AOV, higher-margin orders to shape consumer habits. 
▸ Boosting purchase frequency among existing users. 
▸ Lowering logistic costs. 
 
With strong consumer awareness—300 million monthly active users as of August —Alibab a can quickly 
scale back its heavy ad spending on the quick commerce business. It previously invested in widespread 
ad placements across subways and elevators and enlisted many celebrities to promote its quick 
commerce offering. 
  

=== PAGE 15 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 15 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 13  Alibaba Invested Heavily in Taobao Flash Advertising in the Subway and Celebrity Endorsements 
 
 
 
Source: Sina, 36Kr. Data as of Aug. 7, 2025. 
 
We are optimistic about Alibaba’s ability to grow AOV for three key reasons:  
▸ In July and August, Alibaba's AOV after subsidies was only 20% below Meituan's. We don’t think the gap 
is high, and it shouldn’t be difficult for Alibaba to catch up in the future. 
▸ It has rapidly scaled its quick commerce supply by leveraging its ecosystem. 


=== PAGE 16 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 16 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
▸ Alibaba is well positioned to expand quick commerce into high-AOV categories like beauty and fashion, 
where it holds a strong market presence. 
 
As China’s largest traditional e-commerce player, Alibaba holds several advantages in the non-fresh-
meal quick commerce segment, which typically yields higher AOV than food delivery.  
 
▸ Tmall brand integration: Over time, Alibaba expects 1 million Tmall offline stores to join Taobao quick 
commerce—an important long -term supply growth driver. Currently, merchants are still optimizing 
product selection and warehousing for on-demand delivery.  
▸ Lightning/on-demand delivery warehouses: Alibaba reported 50,000 on-demand retail warehouses in its 
June-quarter results, matching Meituan’s scale. Notably, 25% are sourced from Alibaba’s ecosystem.  
▸ Wholesale platform supply support: Its 1668 platform, China’s largest business-to-business e-commerce 
marketplace, provides curated inventory ideal for on-demand delivery merchants.   
▸ Fresh grocery fulfillment: Alibaba leverages Freshippo’s infrastructure to support fresh delivery. 
Freshippo ranked third in sales in the 2024 China Supermarket Top 100 ranking by the China Chain-
Store & Franchise Association, with 420 stores across 50 cities as of March 31, and plans to open 100 
additional stores in 50 new cities during the current fiscal year. 
▸ Tmall Supermarket shift: The platform has transitioned from a traditional business-to-customer model 
to a quick commerce format, further enhancing its supply and delivery capabilities.  
 
Alibaba noted that product offerings and front warehouses for nonfood categories have expanded. Some 
on-demand, non-fresh-meal merchants have expressed interest in joining Taobao’s quick commerce to 
reduce reliance on Meituan. If Alibaba successfully scales quick commerce into high AOV categories 
such as beauty and fashion, it could surpass Meituan in AOV and achieve profitability more easily. 
 
From Alibaba’s perspective, Ele.me’s previous losses were primarily due to limited scale rather than 
operational inefficiencies or execution. However, we think both were contributing factors. In the near 
term, we believe larger order volumes and improvements in routing systems should help optimize 
delivery costs per order. Given Alibaba’s higher order density, we expect it to achieve lower delivery 
costs per order than JD in the long run. In certain cities or counties, such as Hangzhou, Alibaba’s 
headquarters, the company may even outperform Meituan in delivery efficiency in the future.   
 
We believe Alibaba is on track to meet its UE loss reduction target for the September quarter, supported 
by:  
▸ A sequential decline in UE loss in August. 
▸ Comparable UE performance for Meituan in Shanghai and Hangzhou, despite Meituan having 1.5 times 
the order volume in those cities. 
 
In our view, Alibaba will prioritize maintaining its current scale over aggressively reducing UE in the 
near term.  
 

=== PAGE 17 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 17 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
In the long term, as Alibaba’s network matures and competitive pressure eases, it should be able to 
reduce subsidies. If it maintains its current position as a strong number two, merchants are likely to 
accept higher commission rates and increase advertising spending on the Taobao platform. 
 
JD’s UE Improvement: Monetization Is Key 
The most significant improvement in JD’s UE is expected to come from monetization, starting in May 
2026. Key drivers include: 
▸ Charging commissions and advertising fees. 
▸ Increasing AOV through higher-priced meals. 
▸ Reducing subsidies and logistics costs as competitive pressure eases. 
▸ Improving algorithms and system capabilities for greater efficiency. 
 
JD Food Delivery waived commissions for merchants who joined before May 1 for one year. As a new 
entrant in the food delivery market, JD currently lacks meaningful monetization from commissions and 
advertising. Longer-term, JD vowed to keep its commission rate below 5%, lower than Meituan’s 6%-8%. 
Advertising revenue is expected to grow as merchant participation stabilizes.  
 
JD is currently focused on food delivery, which has a lower AOV compared with on-demand retail—
represented by Dada Nexus, the on-demand retail logistics firm JD privatized this year. As the food 
delivery segment matures, JD could benefit from a higher mix of on-demand retail orders, though food 
delivery will continue to weigh down overall AOV.  Operationally, JD faces higher delivery costs per order 
compared with Meituan and Alibaba due to higher social benefits for its 150,000 full-time riders and 
lower order density within each grid (defined delivery zones). According to LatePost’s article published 
on July 31, Ele.me would likely be close to profitability had it not been for the ongoing price war, thanks 
to its shift from more costly directly operated teams to third-party agencies responsible for managing 
food delivery operations in specific regions. We think JD could adopt a similar asset-light model to 
outsource regional operational responsibilities and reduce costs. However, in both the near and long 
term, we estimate JD to have lower UE than Meituan and Alibaba, due to its lower commission rate and 
higher delivery cost per order.  
 
JD’s primary goal is to use high-frequency food delivery to attract new users to its traditional e-
commerce platform, JD Retail. If the combined profit of JD Retail and JD Food Delivery exceeds JD Retail’s 
stand-alone profit projections by management, then JD Food Delivery will have fulfilled its strategic 
mission.  
 
In the next topic, we explain why we believe Meituan will continue to lead in GTV and order share in the 
on-demand delivery market. 
 
Meituan Will Maintain the Largest On-Demand Market Share and Preserve Its Narrow Moat 
We think Meituan will remain the leading player in both food delivery and the broader on-demand 
delivery market in terms of gross transaction volume over the long run. Although Alibaba is positioning 
itself to become the number-one player in quick commerce, which we define as on-demand delivery of 

=== PAGE 18 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 18 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
both meals and general merchandise, we believe Meituan’s narrow moat, derived from network effects, 
should endure. 
 
Exhibit 14  Meituan Expected to Maintain Dominance in GTV Market Share…  
 
 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 19, 2025. 
Note: Calendar year 2026 and 2027 are forecasts.  
 
Exhibit 15  … And Highest Order Volume Share, Followed by Alibaba  
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 19, 2025. 
 
On our estimate, Meituan’s food delivery revenue in 2024 was almost six times that of its instashopping 
segment, underscoring its dominance in the most time-sensitive category of on-demand delivery. This 
suggests that the leading player in food delivery is likely to remain the top player across the broader on-
demand delivery market in the medium term.  
 
Meituan Alibaba JD
GTV Market Share0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
Calendar Year 2024 Calendar Year 2025 Calendar Year 2026=Forecasts Calendar Year 2027=Forecasts
Meituan Alibaba JD
Order Volume Share0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
Calendar Year 2024 Calendar Year 2025 Calendar Year 2026=Forecasts Calendar Year 2027=Forecasts

=== PAGE 19 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 19 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
To challenge Meituan’s position, Alibaba would need to match or exceed its active rider base. However, 
according to LatePost, Meituan's active rider count was still 2.6 times larger than Alibaba's as of August, 
despite Alibaba offering high compensation to attract riders. We think it will be very difficult for Alibaba 
to close this gap in the postsubsidy environment.  
 
Competitive Advantages Reinforce Meituan’s Position 
In addition, Meituan’s network effects moat source—stemming from its large merchant base, broad 
product selection, and membership program—continues  to support its leadership in on-demand 
delivery. The membership program helps retain core users who generate the majority of orders. Before 
the current price war, Meituan held an estimated 70% GTV market share in on-demand delivery. As of 
the end of August, it still maintained 70% of GTV in food delivery (excluding beverages, based on our 
estimate) despite intense competition.  
 
Meituan said its UE outperformed peers, with the gap more than doubling at the peak of competition 
compared with precompetition levels. This demonstrates Meituan’s superior operating efficiency and 
higher AOV, driven by high-quality users. 
 
Wang Puzhong, CEO of Meituan’s core local commerce business, takes pride in the company’s system 
capabilities—for example , issuing a coupon for a specific product to a targeted user for self-pickup at a 
designated store. While this requires real-time integration with the restaurant inventory data, we believe 
such system connectivity and functionality can be replicated over time. What’s far more difficult to 
replicate is the depth of on-demand delivery data Meituan has accumulated over the years, which 
enables highly refined targeting. For instance, Meituan can offer a coupon for a new product to a user 
who frequently makes purchases from a specific store using Meituan’s Shenqiangshou coupons, 
thereby enhancing conversion. Users can purchase these Shenqiangshou coupons, which allow them to 
enjoy discounts across food delivery, in-store restaurant dining, leisure, entertainment, and other 
services, and hotels and accommodations that would collectively be worth more than the price paid for 
the coupons.  
 
Meituan also provides valuable data insights to merchants, including:  
▸ Restaurant competitor density within a specific radius. 
▸ Delivery order concentration by time slot. 
▸ Demographic alignment with target consumers. 
▸ Foot traffic patterns from nearby offices and schools. 
 
Meituan leverages its data and AI capabilities to optimize location selection, product offerings, and 
inventory management for its “brand satellite store” initiative, enabling restaurants to launch delivery-
only outlets on its platform. High-order volumes generate rich consumer behavior data, which feeds into 
predictive algorithms to forecast demand by time and location, allowing for more efficient supply 
allocation. As of the third quarter of 2024, over 200 brands had opened more than 1,000 brand satellite 
stores.  
 

=== PAGE 20 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 20 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
In addition, Meituan maintains the largest rider database in the industry, as implied by its 70% market 
share prior to the price war. According to LatePost, Meituan was able to recall full-time riders more 
efficiently than Alibaba in July, thanks to its deeper rider data. Its extensive experience and data in order 
fulfillment contribute to lower average delivery costs per order and higher delivery efficiency. Meituan’s 
years of managing rider networks across all city tiers nationwide remain a key competitive advantage 
that Alibaba will need time to match. 
 
Meituan’s extensive experience in food delivery competition— with Baidu, Ele.me (both before and after 
Alibaba’s acquisition), Douyin, and Didi—has equipped it with strong operational tactics such as a 
subsidy strategy that should prove valuable as it competes with JD and Alibaba.  
 
Its Pinhaofan initiative further reinforces Meituan’s leadership in food delivery. Pinhaofan enables 
restaurants to deliver high-volume, value-for-money meals by focusing on a limited number of dishes. 
Hence, these restaurants can improve profitability by reducing unit costs through the sourcing of fewer 
ingredients in larger quantities. Similarly, rider unit costs decrease when more orders are delivered per 
trip. We think this strategy is difficult for other players to replicate as cost-effectively as Meituan over 
the long run, since the platform with the largest scale is best positioned to offer the most value-for-
money meals. 
 
In our view, Alibaba’s strengths lie more in on-demand product delivery, where it could potentially 
achieve higher GTV than Meituan in the long term. However, this is not part of our base case due to the 
early stage of development. According to a 2023 survey by Meituan Research Institute, total on-demand 
retail consumption in counties was approximately 60% higher than in cities. Notably, only 31% of county 
respondents cited urgency as their reason for using on-demand delivery platforms. Therefore, we think 
a longer average delivery time than Meituan’s 34-minute benchmark is acceptable if Taobao Flash can 
offer better deals or a broader product selection. 
  

=== PAGE 21 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 21 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 16  Key Success Factors Ranked: What Drives Leadership in On-Demand Delivery War  
3 = highest, 1= lowest. 
 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Sept. 20, 2025. 
 
We think the increase in daily and monthly active users, driven by the stronger on-demand delivery 
business, has enhanced the network effect on the Taobao app.  
 
What Does This Imply About Our Moat Ratings for Alibaba and JD? 
In our view, Alibaba is clearly demonstrating its wide-moat attributes. This should increase the loyalty of 
existing traditional e-commerce and on-demand delivery merchants, and attract a higher number of 
new on-demand delivery merchants, which should, in turn, drive more active users to Taobao. Alibaba’s 
rising market share in the on-demand delivery market allows it to defend its traditional e-commerce 
market share from the risk of a consumer preference shift toward faster delivery.  
 
The stronger on-demand delivery business also provides an added differentiation— faster delivery—
compared with the e-commerce platforms of short video companies like Douyin and Kuaishou. We note 
that the short-video platforms have not been able to establish a meaningful presence in the on-demand 
delivery market due to the lack of delivery capabilities.  
 
As for JD, its wide-moat rating warrants closer scrutiny over the long run if Meituan and Alibaba can 
substantially increase the supply and service levels while offering competitive pricing through their on-
demand delivery platforms. We think the value proposition of JD’s same-day and next-day delivery has 
been weakened by the rise of on-demand delivery. This is especially the case for JD’s general 
merchandise segment, which accounted for 29% of revenue in the second quarter of 2025. This segment 
includes supermarket goods and nonelectronic goods that require a shorter decision-making process 
and are more driven by impulse purchases compared with electronic goods.  
 
Key Success Factors Meituan Alibaba JD
Accumulation of data from consumers, merchants ,and riders 3 2 1
Experience in winning previous food delivery battles 3 2 1
Experience in managing a fleet of nationwide riders 3 2 1
Technology and systems 3 2 1
Ability to invest aggressively 3 3 3
Willingness to invest aggressively 2 3 1
Number of restaurants 3 2 1
On-demand retail product supply resources from its ecosystem 2 3 1
Traffic support and user base 2 3 2
Number of active riders 3 2 1
Customers' association of on-demand delivery to the platform 3 2 1

=== PAGE 22 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 22 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
The higher AOV of home appliances has attracted Meituan to join the race and challenge JD in the home 
appliance e-commerce segment. The firm joined hands with many home appliance brands, offering 
half-day delivery and installation through physical stores. Meituan said home appliances achieved 
200% GTV growth in the June 18 promotion. Although Meituan didn't mention whether the growth is 
comparable with last year's June 18 promotion or a period immediately before June 18, we still think 
such a level of growth is very strong. We think Meituan is still in the early stages of developing its home 
appliance business, but it is important for investors to monitor how much market share it could 
potentially capture in the future. 
 
Next, we will illustrate how our deep dive into the on-demand delivery market informs our earnings 
forecasts and fair value estimates for Meituan, Alibaba, and JD.  
 
Alibaba Is Our Top Pick Among Undervalued Trio; Meituan and JD Also Attractive 
We believe investors are overly focused on the short-term earnings impact of the food delivery price 
war, which we expect to conclude by the end of 2027. This should pave the way for a recovery in 
earnings. Among the three major internet retail platforms, Alibaba is our top pick, mainly due to the 
long-term growth potential of its AI cloud business, and to a lesser extent, its market share gains in the 
on-demand delivery segment. We trimmed our fair value estimate for Alibaba by only 3% due to fine-
tuning of our EBIT/GMV forecasts for Alibaba China E-commerce group. Most of the on-demand delivery 
losses have been previously accounted for. Alibaba remains undervalued in our view.  
 
Meituan, in our view, remains undervalued after we cut our fair value estimate by 15% to HKD 128.00 
per share on market share loss and operating deleverage in the on-demand delivery segment. The 
market appears overly pessimistic about its long-term positioning and the cash burn associated with 
the on-demand delivery market. We expect Meituan to retain its leadership in terms of GTV and on-
demand order volume, and we do not foresee any competitors with both the resources and strategic 
incentives to aggressively challenge Meituan’s dominance once the current subsidy war subsides.  
 
JD shares are cheap, despite our 27% fair value estimate cut on Nov. 14. We took a fresh look at losses in 
the on-demand delivery segment after it released third-quarter results on Nov. 13. We think the market 
underestimates the strength of its nationwide logistics network and overestimates the competitive 
threat from on-demand retail. Prior to the recent national subsidy program, we estimate that cellphones, 
personal computers, and home appliances each contributed approximately one-third to JD’s home 
appliance and electronics revenue, which collectively accounted for 49% of JD’s total revenue last year.  
 
While Meituan’s and Alibaba’s on-demand delivery services put some competitive pressure on JD’s fast-
delivery value proposition, we believe it is premature to assume they can meaningfully capture share in 
these categories, especially home appliances, which typically involve longer decision-making cycles and 
are less driven by impulse purchases. According to the iPhone 17 Initial Sales Research cited by 
financial news outlet Eastmoney.com, only 6.82% of respondents used on-demand delivery to purchase 
this device. Among those, 88.39% chose JD, while only 5.36% and 1.79% opted for Taobao and Meituan, 
respectively. This highlights customers’ strong perception of JD as the preferred platform for purchasing 

=== PAGE 23 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 23 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
electronics. Moreover, JD’s advantages in bulk procurement through its first-party business, its wide 
assortment of electronics and home appliance products, and its high-quality service offerings further 
reinforce its reputation for reliable and fast delivery. 
 
Exhibit 17  On-Demand Delivery Leader Meituan Sees 15% Fair Value Estimate Cut Amid Higher Competition 
 
 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Nov. 18, 2025. 
 
We cut Meituan’s revenue and EBIT forecasts by an average of 8% and 15%, respectively, over the next 
decade, reflecting anticipated GTV share losses and operating deleverage. We now project overall 
revenue to grow at a 7% CAGR in the next decade, while EBIT is expected to rise at a slightly faster pace 
of 8%, driven by a turnaround in its new initiatives, which include overseas food delivery, domestic 
community group purchases, and other emerging businesses. For Meituan’s core local commerce 
segment, which includes food delivery, instashopping, in-store services, hotels, and travel, we estimate 
a 6% CAGR in revenue. However, EBIT for CLC is expected to grow at a slower 5% CAGR, as intensified 
competition continues to pressure on-demand delivery margins.  
  
Name/Ticker Currency
Change From 
Previous Fair 
Value Estimate
New Fair Value 
Estimate Current Price Price/Fair Value 
Estimate
Morningstar 
Rating 
Meituan 
(HKG:03690) HKD -15% 128.00 100.00 78% QQQQ
Alibaba 
(NYS:BABA) USD -3% 258.00 153.80 60% QQQQ
Alibaba 
(HKG:09988) HKD -3% 251.00 154.90 62% QQQQ
JD.com (NAS:JD) USD 0% 44.00 29.31 67% QQQQ
JD.com 
(HKG:09618) HKD 0% 172.00 116.90 68% QQQQ

=== PAGE 24 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 24 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 18  Meituan’s Revenue and EBIT Forecasts 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 19, 2025. 
Note: Revenue and EBIT from food delivery and instashopping are not disclosed separately; they are reported as part of the CLC segment.  
 
We project Meituan’s overall on-demand delivery EBIT/GTV to increase and stabilize at 2.1% by 2034 
from negative 1.3% in 2025, reflecting gradual margin recovery. This figure is lower than the 2.6% 
achieved in 2024 due to intensified competition. Under our assumptions, food delivery EBIT/GTV will rise 
to 2.5% by 2035 from negative 1.6% in 2025, though still below the 3% recorded in 2024. Meituan 
continues to target a profit of CNY 1 per order, a goal we believe is achievable for food delivery by 2027 
and for instashopping by 2032.  
 
Exhibit 19  Meituan’s On-Demand Delivery Segment EBIT/GTV Forecasts 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 19, 2025. 
 
For Alibaba, we forecast a 10-year revenue CAGR of 11%, primarily driven by 30% growth in its cloud 
business and a 13% increase in adjusted EBITA. This reflects a rising contribution from high-margin AI-
related revenue, and the turnaround of its loss-making segments as guided by management. Quick 
commerce, a newly introduced revenue stream as of the June 2025 quarter or the first quarter of fiscal 
2026, is expected to deliver a nine-year revenue CAGR of 4%, supported by market share gains from 
Meituan and enhanced monetization through commissions and advertising. A meaningful amount of 
the quick commerce revenue increase occurred in fiscal 2026, which is not captured in our nine-year 
forecast. 
  
Total Revenue Core Local Commerce Revenue EBIT Core Local Commerce EBIT
EBIT Margin
CNY, million
-150,000
0
350,000
700,000
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
FY 2024 FY 2025E FY 2026E FY 2027E FY 2028E FY 2029E FY 2030E FY 2031E FY 2032E FY 2033E FY 2034E
EBIT/GTV 2024 2025 2034
On-Demand Delivery 2.6% -1.3% 2.1%
Food Delivery 3.2% -1.6% 2.5%
Instashopping 0.5% -0.1% 1.6%

=== PAGE 25 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 25 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 20  Alibaba’s Revenue and Adjusted EBITA Forecasts 
 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Oct. 19, 2025. 
Note: Alibaba’s fiscal year ends on March 31. 
 
According to management, increased traffic from Alibaba’s quick commerce operations has already led 
to higher monetization rates in its traditional e-commerce business. Alibaba’s more robust consumer 
data should also improve ad conversion rates and drive higher advertising revenue. We project a 3% 
CAGR in customer management revenue for the traditional e-commerce segment over the next decade. 
 
Under our assumptions, the newly formed Alibaba China E-commerce Group, which includes Taobao, 
Tmall, quick commerce, and the Fliggy travel platform, will register an adjusted EBITA/GMV ratio of 2.4% 
by the end of the decade, consistent with our estimate for the former Taobao Tmall Group in fiscal 2025. 
This reflects our view that the expansion of quick commerce will support Alibaba in maintaining its 
margin profile over time. Prior to this expansion, we had assumed that intense competition in the e-
commerce space would erode adjusted EBITA/GMV margins in the long run. However, the strategic 
integration of quick commerce is now expected to enhance user engagement, purchase frequency, 
monetization, and cross-selling opportunities across Alibaba’s broader online shopping ecosystem. 
 
We project Alibaba will generate slightly lower on-demand delivery profit per order than Meituan’s CNY 
1 target, due to several factors:  
▸ Greater reliance on subsidies or lower monetization than Meituan to defend market share and offset the 
lower demand caused by slower on-demand delivery speeds compared with Meituan 
▸ Traditional e-commerce remains Alibaba’s main business, making traffic acquisition from on-demand 
delivery more valuable for cross-selling than maximizing per-order profitability.  
▸ Lower projected order volume and density relative to Meituan, resulting in higher per-order delivery 
costs. 
▸ High AOV from on-demand retail products, where Alibaba holds a supply advantage, is expected to 
remain a smaller portion of the overall on-demand market in the medium term. 
Total Revenue Quick Commerce Revenue Adjusted EBIT A Adjusted EBITA Margin
CNY, million
0
1,000,000
2,000,000
3,000,000
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
FY 2025 FY 2026E FY 2027E FY 2028E FY 2029E FY 2030E FY 2031E FY 2032E FY 2033E FY 2034E FY 2035E

=== PAGE 26 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 26 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
We now maintain JD’s forecasts. We had already cut our non-GAAP EBIT estimates by  30%-75% for the 
next 10 years on Nov. 14, following JD’s third-quarter earnings release on Nov 13, largely due to losses in 
its on-demand delivery, Jingxi, and overseas business,  and management’s continued commitment to 
invest in these subsegments. We think the on-demand delivery business will have suboptimal scale in 
the next 10 years. Our revenue forecasts were broadly unchanged as the incremental gains from on-
demand delivery are relatively small compared with the core business, JD Retail, and are expected to be 
offset by heightened competition.  
 
At this stage, cross-selling from on-demand delivery to traditional e-commerce has not resulted in a 
meaningful uplift in GMV for either JD or Alibaba. Moreover, Alibaba, being the larger on-demand player, 
also competes for cross-selling opportunities within its traditional e-commerce ecosystem. Given JD’s 
substantially lower order volume and traffic in on-demand delivery, we do not anticipate a material 
increase in advertising revenue for JD retail, nor do we expect on-demand delivery revenue to be 
sufficient to counter competitive pressures. 
 
Looking ahead, we forecast JD’s revenue and non-GAAP EBIT to grow at a 4% CAGR over the next decade, 
as margin dilution from the lower-margin on-demand delivery business offsets margin expansion in its 
first-party e-commerce operations. 
 
Exhibit 21  JD’s Revenue Forecasts 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Nov. 14, 2025. 
Note: The new business includes on-demand delivery, Jingxi, and others. On-demand delivery business revenue is not reported separately. 
  
New Business Revenue Total Revenue
CNY, million
0
500,000
1,000,000
1,500,000
2,000,000
FY 2024 FY 2025 FY 2026 FY 2027E FY 2028E FY 2029E FY 2030E FY 2031E FY 2032E FY 2033E FY 2034E

=== PAGE 27 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 27 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 22  JD’s Non-GAAP EBIT Forecasts 
 
 
 
Source: Morningstar. Data as of Nov. 14, 2025. 
 
We forecast JD’s order volume in 2034 will reach a level comparable with Alibaba’s Ele.me’s volume level 
around 2021-22, when Ele.me was operating at a negative low-single-digit adjusted EBITA/GMV margin. 
We expect JD’s on-demand delivery non-GAAP EBIT/GMV to gradually break even by 2034, as JD will 
concentrate its operations in fewer cities to improve order density and outsource city-level food delivery 
operations to third-party agencies to reduce costs. Based on our estimates, JD’s overall non-GAAP 
EBIT/GMV will reach 1.1% by 2034, matching the level recorded in 2024, meaning its entry into the on-
demand delivery space will enable it to remain profitable in the long run, despite intense competition in 
the e-commerce sector. K 
  
Non-GAAP EBIT Non-GAAP EBIT Margin
CNY, million
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
60,000
70,000
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
FY 2024 FY 2025E FY 2026E FY 2027E FY 2028E FY 2029E FY 2030E FY 2031E FY 2032E FY 2033E FY 2034E

=== PAGE 28 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 28 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Appendix 
 
Exhibit 23  Meituan Financial Model Summary 
 
 
Source: Morningstar Direct. Data as of Nov. 14, 2025 
  
Meituan (HKG:03690)
Star Rating Fair Value Last Price Uncertainty Capital Allocation Economic Moat
128 HKD 100 HKD Very High Standard Narrow
Chelsey Tam Five-Star Price 64.15          Estimated COE 10.5%
0 Fair Value Estimate 128.30        Pre-Tax Cost of Debt 6.5%
chelsey.tam@morningstar.com One-Star Price 224.53        Estimated WACC 9.3%
Consumer Products and Services (B2C) Market Price 100.00        ROIC * 14.4%
Services (Non-Financial) P / FVE 0.78            Adjusted ROIC * 14.4%
* 5-Yr Projected Average
Forecast
Income Statement 2022 2023 2024 2025E 2026E 2027E 2028E 2029E
Revenue 219,955      276,745      337,592      366,450      375,596      415,163      455,081      492,568      
Gross Profit 61,753        97,191        129,785      123,250      138,970      151,535      163,829      172,399      
Operating Income (5,785)         14,628        38,031        (12,351)       12,503        34,409        42,179        49,599        
Net Income (6,685)         13,857        35,808        (11,011)       11,909        31,645        38,830        45,714        
Adjusted Income 1,493          (10,631)       (7,616)         (5,805)         33,096        38,860        51,933        62,224        
Adjusted EPS 0.25            (1.71)           (1.22)           (0.96)           5.46            6.41            8.57            10.27          
Adjusted EBITDA 2,782          (8,217)         (5,005)         1,862          47,740        54,742        68,927        80,240        
Growth (% YoY)
Revenue 22.8% 25.8% 22.0% 8.5% 2.5% 10.5% 9.6% 8.2%
Gross Profit 45.4% 57.4% 33.5% -5.0% 12.8% 9.0% 8.1% 5.2%
Operating Income -74.8% -352.9% 160.0% -132.5% -201.2% 175.2% 22.6% 17.6%
Net Income -71.6% -307.3% 158.4% -130.7% -208.2% 165.7% 22.7% 17.7%
Adjusted EPS -86.6% -795.9% -28.5% -21.7% -670.2% 17.4% 33.6% 19.8%
Adjusted EBITDA -77.4% -395.4% -39.1% -137.2% 2463.6% 14.7% 25.9% 16.4%
Profitability (%)
Gross Margin 28.1% 35.1% 38.4% 33.6% 37.0% 36.5% 36.0% 35.0%
Operating Margin -2.6% 5.3% 11.3% -3.4% 3.3% 8.3% 9.3% 10.1%
Net Margin -3.0% 5.0% 10.6% -3.0% 3.2% 7.6% 8.5% 9.3%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin 1.3% -3.0% -1.5% 0.5% 12.7% 13.2% 15.1% 16.3%
Return on Equity -5.3% 9.9% 22.1% -6.6% 7.1% 16.7% 17.3% 17.1%
Adjusted ROIC 7.6% 25.4% 33.3% 12.3% 9.7% 16.8% 16.9% 16.4%
Leverage
Debt / Capital 0.3x 0.3x 0.3x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.1x
Debt / EBITDA 15.8x 2.5x 1.3x -20.1x 1.7x 0.9x 0.8x 0.7x
EBITDA / Interest Expense 3.8x 37.4x 1027.0x 9.6x -43.7x -68.4x -50.4x -39.5x
Cash Flow
Dividends per Share -              -              -              -              -              -              -              -              
Free Cash Flow to the Firm (4,932)        
 8,823          53,490        (20,262)       2,142          29,041        36,105        42,749        
Dividend Franking -              -              -              -              -              -              -              -              
Dividend Payout Ratio 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%


=== PAGE 29 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 29 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Exhibit 24  Alibaba Financial Model Summary 
 
 
Source: Morningstar Direct. Data as of Nov. 14, 2025 
  
Alibaba Group (NYS:BABA)
Star Rating Fair Value Last Price Uncertainty Capital Allocation Economic Moat
258 USD 170 USD High Standard Wide
Chelsey Tam Five-Star Price 154.94          Estimated COE 10.5%
0 Fair Value Estimate 258.23          Pre-Tax Cost of Debt 5.3%
chelsey.tam@morningstar.com One-Star Price 400.26          Estimated WACC 9.5%
Financial Services Market Price 170.43          ROIC * -30.9%
Other Financial Services P / FVE 0.66               Adjusted ROIC * 41.7%
* 5-Yr Projected Average
Forecast
Income Statement 2023 2024 2025 2026E 2027E 2028E 2029E 2030E
Revenue 867,098        941,168        996,347        1,009,691     1,119,561     1,241,388     1,372,996     1,527,721     
Gross Profit 317,403        354,845        398,062        453,825        518,882        576,587        637,715        709,579        
Operating Income 72,537          88,152          158,525        133,312        201,036        221,676        251,038        287,199        
Net Income 70,920          79,741          128,709        102,221        151,046        165,483        186,607        215,057        
Adjusted Income 141,379        157,479        158,122        118,192        179,449        194,201        217,287        249,016        
Adjusted EPS 6.70               7.74               8.19               6.33               9.96               11.18             13.00             15.50             
Adjusted EBITDA 100,351        113,350        140,905        126,998        194,722        215,362        244,724        280,885        
Growth (% YoY)
Revenue 1.6% 8.5% 5.9% 1.3% 10.9% 10.9% 10.6% 11.3%
Gross Profit 1.2% 11.8% 12.2% 14.0% 14.3% 11.1% 10.6% 11.3%
Operating Income 9.3% 21.5% 79.8% -15.9% 50.8% 10.3% 13.2% 14.4%
Net Income 14.5% 12.4% 61.4% -20.6% 47.8% 9.6% 12.8% 15.2%
Adjusted EPS 7.0% 15.5% 5.8% -22.6% 57.3% 12.3% 16.2% 19.2%
Adjusted EBITDA 44.1% 13.0% 24.3% -9.9% 53.3% 10.6% 13.6% 14.8%
Profitability (%)
Gross Margin 36.6% 37.7% 40.0% 44.9% 46.3% 46.4% 46.4% 46.4%
Operating Margin 8.4% 9.4% 15.9% 13.2% 18.0% 17.9% 18.3% 18.8%
Net Margin 8.2% 8.5% 12.9% 10.1% 13.5% 13.3% 13.6% 14.1%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin 11.6% 12.0% 14.1% 12.6% 17.4% 17.3% 17.8% 18.4%
Return on Equity 6.4% 7.2% 11.8% 9.4% 13.4% 13.9% 14.7% 15.7%
Adjusted ROIC 21.4% 45.4% 63.4% 40.4% 41.1% 37.1% 40.3% 49.8%
Leverage
Debt / Capital 0.1x 0.1x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.1x 0.1x 0.1x
Debt / EBITDA 1.4x 1.3x 1.0x 1.1x 0.7x 0.6x 0.6x 0.5x
EBITDA / Interest Expense -17.1x -23.2x -94.1x -164.3x 726.7x 216.2x 167.6x -1007.1x
Cash Flow
Dividends per Share -                 0.13               0.13               0.75               1.16               1.31               1.54               1.85               
Free Cash Flow to the Firm 180,513        160,781        7,563             (48,656)         53,779          91,626          213,157        251,879        
Dividend Franking 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Dividend Payout Ratio 0.0% 9.3% 11.9% 11.8% 11.6% 11.8% 11.9% 11.9%
QQQQ

=== PAGE 30 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 30 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
Exhibit 25  JD Financial Model Summary 
 
 
Source: Morningstar Direct. Data as of Nov. 14, 2025 
  
JD.com (HKG:09618)
Star Rating Fair Value Last Price Uncertainty Capital Allocation Economic Moat
172 HKD 115 HKD High Exemplary Wide
Chelsey Tam Five-Star Price 103.06          Estimated COE 9.0%
0 Fair Value Estimate 171.77          Pre-Tax Cost of Debt 5.8%
chelsey.tam@morningstar.com One-Star Price 266.24          Estimated WACC 9.9%
Consumer Products and Services (B2C) Market Price 115.40          ROIC * 21.1%
Retail P / FVE 0.67              Adjusted ROIC * 13.8%
* 5-Yr Projected Average
Forecast
Income Statement 2022 2023 2024 2025E 2026E 2027E 2028E 2029E
Revenue 1,046,236     1,084,662     1,158,819     1,344,903     1,441,840     1,499,292     1,427,607     1,468,209     
Gross Profit 147,073        159,704        183,868        214,342        228,774        245,387        239,365        250,577        
Operating Income 15,973          34,531          54,434          35,514          28,144          34,114          52,420          52,543          
Net Income 10,380          24,167          41,359          27,226          19,215          24,067          38,699          39,103          
Adjusted Income 28,220          35,200          47,827          31,350          25,222          30,291          44,652          45,210          
Adjusted EPS 8.87              11.10            15.55            10.50            8.56              10.42            15.36            15.55            
Adjusted EBITDA 23,209          42,823          61,670          43,869          36,327          42,182          60,352          60,208          
Growth (% YoY)
Revenue 9.9% 3.7% 6.8% 16.1% 7.2% 4.0% -4.8% 2.8%
Gross Profit 14.0% 8.6% 15.1% 16.6% 6.7% 7.3% -2.5% 4.7%
Operating Income -1268.4% 116.2% 57.6% -34.8% -20.8% 21.2% 53.7% 0.2%
Net Income -391.6% 132.8% 71.1% -34.2% -29.4% 25.3% 60.8% 1.0%
Adjusted EPS 64.7% 25.1% 40.1% -32.5% -18.5% 21.7% 47.4% 1.2%
Adjusted EBITDA 377.1% 84.5% 44.0% -28.9% -17.2% 16.1% 43.1% -0.2%
Profitability (%)
Gross Margin 14.1% 14.7% 15.9% 15.9% 15.9% 16.4% 16.8% 17.1%
Operating Margin 1.5% 3.2% 4.7% 2.6% 2.0% 2.3% 3.7% 3.6%
Net Margin 1.0% 2.2% 3.6% 2.0% 1.3% 1.6% 2.7% 2.7%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin 2.2% 3.9% 5.3% 3.3% 2.5% 2.8% 4.2% 4.1%
Return on Equity 4.0% 8.5% 13.6% 8.6% 6.0% 7.3% 11.2% 10.6%
Adjusted ROIC 48.5% 46.1% 55.1% 9.1% 0.8% 6.8% 25.0% 27.4%
Leverage
Debt / Capital 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x 0.2x
Debt / EBITDA 1.8x 1.1x 1.0x 1.5x 1.8x 1.5x 1.1x 1.1x
EBITDA / Interest Expense 11.0x 14.9x 21.3x 16.2x 11.1x 12.8x 18.4x 18.3x
Cash Flow
Dividends per Share -                -                3.62              3.62              2.59              3.29              5.28              5.34              
Free Cash Flow to the Firm (11,326)         (12,950)         33,561          2,320            (6,925)           (8,483)           16,451          8,351            
Dividend Franking -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
Dividend Payout Ratio 0.0% 0.0% 23.3% 34.5% 30.2% 31.5% 34.4% 34.3%


=== PAGE 31 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 31 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Links to Related Research 
Meituan Earnings: Valuation Cut by 8%; Expect Strong Growth in Instashopping and In-Store 
 
Meituan Earnings: Valuation Maintained; Long-Term Earnings Recovery Offsets Medium-Term Pressure 
 
Alibaba: Increasing Investment as AI Infrastructure Demand Exceeds Expectations; Valuation Rises 49%  
 
Alibaba: AI and Customer Management Revenue Growth Drive 17% Valuation Increase 
 
Alibaba Earnings: First Battle in Scaling Quick Commerce Won; Raising Efficiency Is Next 
 
JD.com Earnings: Strong Retail Performance Offset by Food Delivery Losses; Valuation Maintained 
 
JD.com: Valuation Cut by 14% Due to Higher Competition in On-Demand Delivery 
  

=== PAGE 32 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 32 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Research Methodology for Valuing Companies 
 
Overview 
At the heart of our valuation system is a detailed projection of a company’s future cash flows, resulting from our analysts’ 
research. Analysts create custom industry and company assumptions to feed income statement, balance sheet, and capital 
investment assumptions into our globally standardized, proprietary discounted cash flow, or DCF, modeling templates. We use 
scenario analysis, in-depth competitive advantage analysis, and a variety of other analytical tools to augment this process. We 
think analyzing valuation through discounted cash flows presents a better lens for viewing cyclical companies, high- growth firms, 
businesses with finite lives (mines, for example), or companies expected to generate negative earnings over the next few years. 
That said, we don’t dismiss multiples altogether but rather use them as supporting cross-checks for our DCF-based fair value 
estimates. We also acknowledge that DCF models offer their own challenges (including a potential proliferation of estimated 
inputs and the possibility that the method may miss short-term market-price movements), but we believe these negatives are 
mitigated by deep analysis and our long-term approach.  
 
Morningstar’s Equity Research Group (“we,” “our”) believes that a company’s intrinsic worth results from the future cash flows it 
can generate. The Morningstar Rating for stocks identifies stocks trading at a discount or premium to their intrinsic worth—or fair 
value estimate in Morningstar terminology. Five-star stocks sell for the biggest risk-adjusted discount to their fair values, whereas 
1-star stocks trade at premiums to their intrinsic worth.  
 
Four key components drive the Morningstar rating:  
▸ our assessment of the firm’s economic moat.  
▸ our estimate of the stock’s fair value.  
▸ our uncertainty around that fair value estimate.  
▸ the current market price.  
 
This process ultimately culminates in our single-point star rating.  
 
Economic Moat 
The Morningstar Economic Moat Rating is a structural feature that Morningstar believes positions a firm to earn durable exces s 
profits over a long period of time, with excess profits defined as returns on invested capital above our estimate of a firm ’s cost of 
capital. The economic moat rating is not an indicator of the investment performance of the investment highlighted in this rep ort. 
Narrow-moat companies are those that Morningstar believes are more likely than not to achieve normalized excess retu rns for at 
least the next 10 years. Wide-moat companies are those that Morningstar believes will earn excess returns for 10 years, with 
excess returns more likely than not to remain for at least 20 years. Firms without a moat, including those that have a substantial 
threat of value destruction-related risks related to environmental, social, and governance; industry disruption; financial health; or 
other idiosyncratic issues, are more susceptible to competition. Morningstar has identified five sources of economic moats: 
intangible assets, switching costs, network effect, cost advantage, and efficient scale. 
 
Fair Value Estimate 
Each stock’s fair value is estimated by using a proprietary discounted cash flow model, which assumes that the stock’s value is 
equal to the total of the free cash flows of the company is expected to generate in the future, discounted back to the present at the 
rate commensurate with the riskiness of the cash flows. As with any DCF model, the ending value is highly sensitive to 
Morningstar’s projections of future growth. 
 
Fair Value Uncertainty 
The Morningstar Uncertainty Rating represents the analysts’ ability to bound the estimated value of the shares in a company 
around the fair value estimate, based on the characteristics of the business underlying the stock, including operating and  
financial leverage, sales sensitivity to the overall economy, product concentration, pricing power, exposure to material ESG risks, 
and other company-specific factors. Based on these factors, analysts classify the stock into one of several uncertainty levels: Low, 
Medium, High, Very High, or Extreme. Our recommended margin of safety—the discount to fair value  demanded before we’d 
recommend buying or selling the stock—widens as our  uncertainty of the estimated value of the equity increases. 
 
Market Price 
The market prices used in this analysis and noted in the report come from exchanges on which the stock is listed, which we 
believe is a reliable source. 
 
 

=== PAGE 33 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 33 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
Morningstar Rating for Stocks 
The Morningstar Rating for Stocks is a forward-looking, analyst-driven measure of a stock’s current price relative to the analyst’s 
estimate of what the shares are worth. Stock star ratings indicate whether a stock, in the equity analyst’s educated opinion, is 
cheap, expensive, or fairly priced. To rate a stock, analysts estimate what they think it is worth (its “fair value”), using a detailed, 
long-term cash flow forecast for the company. A stock’s star rating depends on whether its current market price is above or below 
the fair value estimate. Those stocks trading at large discounts to their fair values receive the highest ratings (4 or 5 stars). Stocks 
trading at large premiums to their fair values receive lower ratings (1 or 2 stars). A 3-star rating means the current stock price is 
close to the analyst’s fair value estimate. 
 
Risk Warning 
Please note that investments in securities are subject to market and other risks, and there is no assurance or guarantee that the 
intended investment objectives will be achieved. Past performance of a security may or may not continue in the future and is no 
indication of future performance. A security investment’s return and an investor's principal value will fluctuate so that, when 
redeemed, an investor’s shares may be worth more or less than their original cost. 
 
A security’s current investment performance may be lower or higher than the investment performance noted within the report. 
Morningstar’s Uncertainty Rating is a useful data point with respect to sensitivity analysis of the assumptions used in our 
determining a fair value price.  
 
General Disclosure 
“Morningstar” is used throughout this section to refer to Morningstar, Inc., and/or its affiliates, as applicable. Unless otherwise 
provided in a separate agreement, recipients of this report may only use it in the country in which the Morningstar distributor is 
based. Unless stated otherwise, the original distributor of the report is Morningstar Research Services LLC, a USA-domiciled 
financial institution. 
 
This report is for informational purposes only, should not be the sole piece of information used in making an investment decision, 
and has no regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation, or particular needs of any specific recipient. This 
publication is intended to provide information to assist investors in making their own investment decisions, not to provide 
investment advice to any specific investor. Therefore, investments discussed and recommendations made herein may not be 
suitable for all investors; recipients must exercise their own independent judgment as to the suitability of such investments and 
recommendations in the light of their own investment objectives, experience, taxation status, and financial position.  
 
The information, data, analyses, and opinions presented herein are not warranted to be accurate, correct, complete, or timely . 
Unless otherwise provided in a separate agreement, neither Morningstar, Inc., nor the Equity Research Group represents that the 
report contents meet all of the presentation and/or disclosure standards applicable in the jurisdiction the recipient is loca ted. 
 
Except as otherwise required by law or provided for in a separate agreement, the analyst, Morningstar, Inc., and the Equity 
Research Group and their officers, directors, and employees shall not be responsible or liable for any trading decisions, damages, 
or other losses resulting from, or related to, the information, data, analyses, or opinions within the report. The Equity Research 
Group encourages recipients of this report to read all relevant issue documents—a prospectus,  for example) pertaining to the 
security concerned, including without limitation, information relevant to its investment objectives, risks, and costs before making 
an investment decision and when deemed necessary, to seek the advice of a legal, tax, and/or accounting professional. 
 
The report and its contents are not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or 
resident of or located in any locality, state, country, or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availabil ity, or use 
would be contrary to law or regulation or that would subject Morningstar, Inc., or its affiliates to any registration or licensing 
requirements in such jurisdiction. 
 
Where this report is made available in a language other than English and in the case of inconsistencies between the English a nd 
translated versions of the report, the English version will control and supersede any ambiguities associated with any part or  
section of a report that has been issued in a foreign language. Neither the analyst, Morningstar, Inc., nor the Equity Research 
Group guarantees the accuracy of the translations. 
 
This report may be distributed in certain localities, countries, and/or jurisdictions (“territories”) by independent third parties or 
independent intermediaries and/or distributors (“distributors”). Such distributors are not acting as agents or representatives of the 
analyst, Morningstar, Inc., or the Equity Research Group. In territories where a distributor distributes our report, the distributor is 

=== PAGE 34 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 34 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
solely responsible for complying with all applicable regulations, laws, rules, circulars, codes, and guidelines established b y local 
and/or regional regulatory bodies, including laws in connection with the distribution of third-party research reports. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
▸ No material interests are held by the analyst or their immediate family with respect to the securities subject of this investment 
research report. 
▸ Morningstar, Inc., may hold a long position in the securities subject of this  
investment research report that exceeds 0.5% of the total issued share capital of the security. To determine if such is the c ase, 
please click https://www.morningstar.com/company/disclosures/holdings. 
▸ Analysts’ compensation is derived from Morningstar, Inc.’s overall earnings and consists of salary, bonus, and in some cases 
restricted stock. 
▸ Morningstar’s overall earnings are generated in part by the activities of the Investment Management and Research groups, and 
other affiliates, that provide services to product issuers. 
▸ Neither Morningstar, Inc., nor the Equity Research Group receives commissions, compensation, or other material benefits in 
connection with providing research, nor do they charge companies to be rated. 
▸ Morningstar employees may not pursue business or employment opportunities outside Morningstar within the investment 
industry (including, but not limited to, working as a financial planner, an investment professional or investment professional 
representative, a broker/dealer or broker/dealer agent, a financial writer, reporter, or analyst) without the approval of 
Morningstar’s Legal and if applicable, Compliance teams. 
▸ Neither Morningstar, Inc., nor the Equity Research Group is a market maker or a liquidity provider of the securities noted within 
this report. 
▸ Neither Morningstar, Inc., nor the Equity Research Group has been a lead manager or  
co-lead manager over the previous 12 months of any publicly disclosed offer of financial instruments of the issuer. 
▸ Morningstar, Inc.’s Investment Management group has arrangements with financial institutions to provide portfolio 
management/investment advice, some of which an analyst may issue investment research reports on. In addition, the Investment 
Management group creates and maintains model portfolios whose underlying holdings can include financial products, including 
securities that may be the subject of this report. However, analysts do not have authority over Morningstar’s Investment 
Management group’s business arrangements or allow employees from the Investment Management group to participate or 
influence the analysis or opinion prepared by them. 
▸ Morningstar, Inc., is a publicly traded company (ticker: MORN) and thus a financial institution the security of which is the subject 
of this report may own more than 5% of Morningstar, Inc.’s total outstanding shares. Please access Morningstar, Inc.’s proxy 
statement, “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” section at 
https://shareholders.morningstar.com/investor-relations/financials/sec-filings/default.aspx.  
 
Morningstar may provide the product issuer or its related entities with services or products for a fee and on an arm’s-length basis, 
including software products and licenses, research and consulting services, data services, licenses to republish our ratings and 
research in their promotional material, event sponsorship, and website advertising. 
 
Further information on Morningstar’s conflict-of-interest policies is available at http://global.morningstar.com/equitydisclosures.  
Please note analysts are subject to the CFA Institute’s Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Conduct.  
For a list of securities the Equity Research Group currently covers and provides written analysis on, or for historical analysis of 
covered securities, including fair value estimates, please contact your local Morningstar office. Morningstar Equity Research 
methodologies can be found at Investor Relations | Morningstar, Inc. 
 
For recipients in Australia: This report has been issued and distributed in Australia by Morningstar Australasia Pty. Ltd. (ABN: 95 
090 665 544; ASFL: 240892). Morningstar Australasia Pty. Ltd. is the provider of the general advice (“the service”) and takes 
responsibility for the production of this report. The service is provided through the research of investment products. To the extent 
the report contains general advice, it has been prepared without reference to an investor’s objectives, financial situation, or needs. 
Investors should consider the advice in light of these matters and, if applicable, the relevant Product Disclosure Statement before 
making any decision to invest. Refer to our Financial Services Guide, or FSG, for more information at 
http://www.morningstar.com.au/s/fsg.pdf. 
 
For recipients in New Zealand: This report has been issued and distributed by Morningstar Australasia Pty Ltd and/or 
Morningstar Research Ltd (together “Morningstar”). This report has been prepared and is intended for distribution in New Zealand 
to wholesale clients only and has not been prepared for use by New Zealand retail clients (as those terms are defined in the 
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013). 
 

=== PAGE 35 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 35 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
The information, views and any recommendations in this material are provided for general information purposes only, and solel y 
relate to the companies and investment opportunities specified within. Our reports do not take into account any particular 
investor’s financial situation, objectives or appetite for risk, meaning no representation may be implied as to the suitability of any 
financial product mentioned for any particular investor. We recommend seeking financial advice before making any investment 
decision. 
 
For recipients in Canada: This research is not prepared subject to Canadian disclosure requirements. 
 
For recipients in Europe: This report is distributed by Morningstar Holland B.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. 
Morningstar Holland B.V. is not required to be regulatory by the European Securities and Markets Authority for the provision of 
investment research data. The analyst/s involved in the creation of the report do not take into account any particular investor’s 
financial situation, objectives or appetite for risk, meaning no representation may be implied as to the suitability of any f inancial 
product mentioned for any particular investor. Registered address: Haaksbergweg 58, 9th Floor, 1101 BZ Amsterdam, North 
Holland, Netherlands. 
 
For recipients in Hong Kong: The report is distributed by Morningstar Investment Management Asia Limited, which is regulated 
by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission to provide investment research and investment advisory services to 
professional investors only. Neither Morningstar Investment Management Asia Limited nor its representatives are acting or wil l be 
deemed to be acting as an investment advisor to any recipients of this information unless expressly agreed to by Morningstar 
Investment Management Asia Limited.  
 
For recipients in India:  Morningstar Investment Research India Private Limited (registered with SEBI as a research analyst, 
registration number INH000008686) does not engage in research services on securities listed or proposed to be listed on stock  
exchanges in India.  
 
For recipients in Japan: The report is distributed by Morningstar Japan, Inc. for informational purposes only. Neither Morningstar 
Japan, Inc. nor its representatives are acting or will be deemed to be acting as an investment advisor to any recipients of t his 
information. 
 
For recipients in Korea: This report is distributed by Morningstar Korea Ltd., which has filed to the Financial Services Committee, 
for informational purposes only. Neither Morningstar Korea Ltd. nor its representatives are acting or will be deemed to be ac ting 
as an investment advisor to any recipients of this information. 
 
For recipients in Singapore: The Report is intended for Institutional Investor audiences and is distributed by Morningstar 
Investment Adviser Singapore Pte. Limited, which is licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore to provide financial advisory 
services in Singapore. Morningstar Investment Adviser Singapore Pte. Limited is the entity responsible for the creation and 
distribution of the research services described in this Report. This content is provided for informational purposes only and may be 
shared or redistributed by Institutional Investors to their clients or other permitted persons, subject to obtaining the appropr iate 
license from Morningstar. Redistribution of this content is subject to any applicable conditions or limitations, including th ose 
agreed commercially or contractually with Morningstar. The person who shares or redistributes this content shall be solely 
responsible for compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory obligations in the jurisdictions in which the material is m ade 
available. Investors should consult a financial adviser regarding the suitability of any investment product, taking into account their 
specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs, before making any investment decision. Morningsta r, Inc., 
and its affiliates rely on certain exemptions (Financial Advisers Regulations, Section 27(1)(e), Section 32B and 32C) to prov ide its 
investment research to recipients in Singapore. 
 
For recipients in the United Kingdom: This report is distributed by Morningstar UK Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar UK Ltd. is not required to be registered nor authorized by the Financial Conduct Authority for the 
distribution of investment research data. The analyst/s involved in the creation of the report do not take into account any 
particular investor’s financial situation, objectives or appetite for risk, meaning no representation may be implied as to the 
suitability of any financial product mentioned for any particular investor. There are information barriers in place between 
Morningstar UK Ltd and Morningstar regulated entities based in the UK. Registered address: 1 Oliver’s Yard 55-71 City Road 
London EC1Y 1HQ. 
 
 
 

=== PAGE 36 ===

  
 
 
 
On-Demand Delivery Price War: Alibaba the Main Winner | November 18, 2025 | See disclosures at the end of this report. 
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
Page 36 of 36 
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
About Morningstar® Equity Research
TM
 
Morningstar Equity Research provides independent, fundamental equity research differentiated by a 
consistent focus on durable competitive advantages, or economic moats. 
 
For More Information 
+1 312 696-6869 
equitysupport@morningstar.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
? 
 
22 West Washington Street 
Chicago, IL 60602 USA 
 
 
©2025 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. Unless otherwise provided in a separate agreement, you may use this report only in the 
country in which its original distributor is based. The information, data, analyses, and opinions presented herein do not con stitute 
investment advice; are provided solely for informational purposes and therefore are not an offer to buy or sell a security; and are 
not warranted to be correct, complete, or accurate. The opinions expressed are as of the date written and are subject to chang e 
without notice. Except as otherwise required by law, Morningstar shall not be responsible for any trading decisions, damages, or 
other losses resulting from, or related to, the information, data, analyses, or opinions or their use. Investment research is  produced 
and issued by subsidiaries of Morningstar, Inc. including, but not limited to, Morningstar Research Services LLC, registered with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained herein is the proprietary property of Morning star and 
may not be reproduced, in whole or in part, or used in any manner, without the prior written consent of Morningstar. To license the 
research, call +1 312 696-6869. 
 